<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
	
	<br />
		<p:panel style="width: 90%;">
		<h3>
			<span class="emphasize"> Win the #{msg['competitionTitle']} </span>
		</h3>
		<br />
		<br />
		 <p>
		 	This is a performance based competition with 5 individual winners and 5 winning teams. 
		 	You will be randomly assigned to one of 20 teams of annotators after 
		 	completing one batch of 100 units successfully (i.e. getting the test example right once). 
		</p>
		<p>	
			You will be shown a reference image of a face and asked to identify the same person 
			within another set of ten images. A correctly identified face is worth 1 point. 
		</p>
		<p>
				    The units will be processed in batches of 100. 
			        For <b>quality control</b> one of the tasks in a batch will be a test case;
				    the position of the test case within the batch will be random.
				    The test example will be shown after the batch is finished. 
				    If the test example was annotated correctly, you will receive the 100 points for the batch;
			        if the test example was incorrectly annotated, you will receive no points for the finished batch 
			        and 20 points will be subtracted from the score instead.
		</p>
		<h:panelGroup rendered="#{bonusBean.bonusEventsEnabled}">
			<p>
			Throughout the competition, there will be one hour long bonus events 
			<h:outputText value="which are announced one hour in advance." rendered="#{!bonusBean.showSchedule}"/> 
			<h:outputText value="which are shown in the schedule." rendered="#{bonusBean.showSchedule}"/>
			During bonus events, points for completed batches will be increased:
			<h:outputText value="#{bonusBean.bonusFactor * 100}"/> 
			points if the test case is annotated correctly 
			<h:outputText value="(#{bonusBean.bonusFactor * 20}"/> 
			points are subtracted if the test case is annotated incorrectly).
			<h:outputText value="For each event, the bonus is awarded for the first #{bonusBean.bonusLimitBatches} batches only." rendered="#{bonusBean.bonusLimited}"/>	
			</p>
		</h:panelGroup>
		<p> 
			You will see your team's position and points as well as position and points of the three teams ranked 
			below and above, as well as your share of the team's reward at all times. 
			Similarly, you will see your individual points and position as well as position and points of the 
			three players below and above.
			The top-10 team leaderboard and the top-10 individuals leaderboard will be revealed at the end of the competition.
		</p>
		
		<p>	
			All members of teams as well as individuals among the respective top-5 at the end of the competition 
			will receive their reward afterwards via bonus payment.
		</p>
		<p>
			The competition will start in <b>#{beforeStartBean.timeToStartString}</b> 
			(<h:outputText value="#{learnwebBean.learnweb.start.time}">
				<f:convertDateTime 
					type="both"
					dateStyle="default"
					timeStyle="default" 
					timeZone="#{userBean.timeZone}" />
			</h:outputText>).<br />
			At that point, the tasks will be available here.
		</p>
		<br />
		<p>
			You may receive an individual as well as a team-based reward, based on your individual and team rank, respectively. 
			The team reward will be proportional to your contribution to the team score. 
		</p>
		<p>
			Both rewards are distributed among individuals and teams as follows:
		</p>
			<h:panelGrid columns="4">
				<h:outputText value="" style="margin:20px;"/>
				<h:panelGrid columns="2">
					<h:outputText value="Team Rank" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="&#xA0;&#xA0;Reward" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="1" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;25$" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="2" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;12$" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="3" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;7$" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="4" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;4$" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="5" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;2$" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
				</h:panelGrid>
				<h:outputText value="" style="margin:25px;"/>
				<h:panelGrid columns="2">
					<h:outputText value="Individual Rank" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="&#xA0;&#xA0;Reward" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="1" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;25$" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="2" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;12$" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="3" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;7$" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="4" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;4$" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="5" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
					<h:outputText value="&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;2$" style="font-weight:bold;"/>
				</h:panelGrid>
			</h:panelGrid>
		<br />
		In the case of two teams or individuals having the same score, the one who has scored first receives the better rank.
		<p>	
			All members of teams as well as individuals among the respective top-5 at the end of the competition 
			will receive their reward afterwards via bonus payment.
		</p>
	</p:panel>
</ui:composition>